<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
		<title>Tests</title>

	</head>
	<body>  
 
<code> <link href="https://edition-accessible.github.io/signalement/references/ace-smart-report-fr.html" rel="a11y:certifierReport"/></code>
<code>    <link href="http://www.idpf.org/epub/a11y/accessibility-20170105.html#wcag-aa" rel="dcterms:conformsTo"/></code>
<code>   <meta id="conf" property="dcterms:conformsTo">EPUB Accessibility 1.1 - WCAG 2.1 Level AA</meta></code> 
<code>    <link href="http://www.example.com/a11y/report/9780000000001" refines="#certifier" rel="a11y:certifierReport"/></code>
<code>    <meta property="a11y:certifiedBy">EDRLab</meta></code>
<code>    <meta property="a11y:certifierCredential">Certifier credential</meta></code>


 <h2>accessibilityHazard</h2>
        <p>A Schema.org PropertyThing</p> 
        <p>Canonical URL: https://schema.org/accessibilityHazard</p> 
		 <p><a href='https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+accessibilityHazard'>Check for open issues.</a></p>
    <div class="description">A characteristic of the described resource that is physiologically dangerous to some users. Related to WCAG 2.0 guideline 2.3. Values should be drawn from the <a href="https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityHazard-vocabulary">approved vocabulary</a>.</div>
   <p>Values expected to be one of these types: Text</p>
<ul>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>none</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>flashing</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>noFlashingHazard</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>noMotionSimulationHazard</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>sound</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>noSoundHazard</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>unknown</li></ul>

<h2>Accessibility features</h2>
<p>A Schema.org Property</p>
<p>Thing > Property :: accessibilityFeature</p>

<p>
    Canonical URL: <a href="https://schema.org/accessibilityFeature">https://schema.org/accessibilityFeature</a>
    <a href="https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+accessibilityFeature">Check for open issues.</a>
</p>
<p>Content features of the resource, such as accessible media, alternatives and supported enhancements for accessibility. Values should be drawn from the <a href="https://www.w3.org/2021/a11y-discov-vocab/latest/#accessibilityFeature-vocabulary">approved vocabulary.</a></p>
<p>Values expected to be one of these types : Text </p>
<ul>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>tableOfContents</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>readingOrder</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>alternativeText</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>captions</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>braille</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>ChemML</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>describedMath</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>displayTransformability</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>highContrastAudio</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>highContrastDisplay</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>index</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>largePrint</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>latex</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>longDescription</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>MathML</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>none</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>pageNavigation</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>printPageNumbers</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>readingOrder</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>rubyAnnotations</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>annotations</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>signLanguage</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>structuralNavigation</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>synchronizedAudioText</li>    
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>tableOfContents</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>tactileGraphic</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>tactileObject</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>timingControl</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>transcript</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>ttsMarkup</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>aria</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>unlocked</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>schema:accessibilitySummary</h2>
    <p>A schema.org Thing > Property : accessibilitySummary</p> 
    <p>Canonical URL: https://schema.org/accessibilitySummary</p> 
     <p><a href="https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+accessibilitySummary">Check for open issues.</a></p>
<div class="description">
    <p>A human-readable summary of specific accessibility features or deficiencies, consistent with the other accessibility metadata but expressing subtleties such as "short descriptions are present but long descriptions will be needed for non-visual users" or "short descriptions are present and no long descriptions are needed".</p>
    <p> The accessibility summary was intended (in EPUB Accessibility 1.0) to describe in human-readable prose the accessibility features present in the publication as well as any shortcomings. From EPUB Accessibility version 1.1 the accessibility summary became a human-readable summary of the accessibility that complements, but does not duplicate, the other discoverability metadata.</p> 
    <p>Up to date definition and exemples are available from </p><a href="https://w3c.github.io/epub-specs/epub33/a11y/">EPUB Accessibility 1.1</a>.

</div>
<p>For testing purposes this EPUB has two Accessibility Summary. </p>
<ul>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>One written in English with no language tag.</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>One written in French with a lang=fr tag to test if correct language tag is applied to it.</li>
</ul>

    <h2>a11y:exemption</h2>
    <p>An EPUB Vocabulary</p> 
    <p>Canonical URL: https://www.w3.org/TR/epub-a11y-exemption/</p> 
     <p><a href='https://github.com/w3c/epub-specs/issues/'>Check for open issues.</a></p>
<div class="description">The exemption property allows EPUB creators to indicate that an EPUB publication that does not meet accessibility conformance requirements has an exemption under the applicable jurisdiction's laws. Values should be drawn from the <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/epub-a11y-exemption/">approved vocabulary</a>.</div>
<p>Values expected to be one of these types: Text</p>
<ul>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>eaa-microenterprise</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>eaa-fundamental-alteration</li>
    <li><input type = "checkbox"/>eaa-disproportionate-burden</li>
</ul>
</body>
</html>